[docs] Warning about Istio and admission-policy-engine restrictions (#7398)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/110-istio/docs/README.md

The main purpose of the activation is to add a sidecar container to the application Pods so that Istio can manage the traffic.

The sidecar-injector is a recommended way to add sidecars. Istio can inject sidecar containers into user Pods using the [Admission Webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/) mechanism. You can configure it using labels and annotations:
{% alert level="info" %}

> When using Deckhouse version >= 1.55 and the [admission-policy-engine] module is enabled(../015-admission-policy-engine/), the `sidecar-injector` Istio container runs only in `Privileged` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Deckhouse version >= 1.55 and the [admission-policy-engine](../015-admission-policy-engine/) module is enabled, the `sidecar-injector` Istio container runs only in `Privileged` mode.
```

> When using Deckhouse version >= 1.55 and the [admission-policy-engine](../015-admission-policy-engine/) module is enabled, the `sidecar-injector` Istio container runs only in `Privileged` mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using Deckhouse version >= 1.55 and the [admission-policy-engine](../015-admission-policy-engine/) module is enabled, it works in `Baseline` mode by default. In this regard, Istio's init-containers can't configure rules for application's traffic interception, so the Pod's can't start. The solution is either configure the admission-policy-engine module to work in `Restricted` mode or add a label `security.deckhouse.io/pod-policy=privileged` to application's Namespace.
```

The main purpose of the activation is to add a sidecar container to the application Pods so that Istio can manage the traffic.

The sidecar-injector is a recommended way to add sidecars. Istio can inject sidecar containers into user Pods using the [Admission Webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/) mechanism. You can configure it using labels and annotations:
{% alert level="info" %}

> Deckhouse version >= 1.55 When admission-policy-engine Istio sidecar-injector module is running, containers work only in `Privileged` mode
> [admission-policy-engine](https://deckhouse.io/documentation/v1/modules/015-admission-policy-engine/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Deckhouse version >= 1.55 and the [admission-policy-engine] module is enabled(../015-admission-policy-engine/), the `sidecar-injector` Istio container runs only in `Privileged` mode.
```
